Supply chain management - domain
Stering OMS - tool
Team play
CICD pipine
What POD is doing?
POD team is implementing with respect to design
Order label what are u doing.
Wide and sallow - 
Every conversation

Pull work has done - fulfillment done..........IIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
restricted to fulfillment domain or entire program.?
order  - means -detail design -not specofic to OMS
high lebel design - supply chain expert
As a supply chain expert - domain expert - 
Separate and concern.
retail domain.

Wawa - assembly it 
build dynamic enterprise

Order states - optimize 
Wawa oragnization - inside physical store - stroee has stroe front nad kitchen - and inventory in it.
State or store - health  - store front healthy?
Kitchen healthy - oven is healthy
backup healthy - inventory is 
composite healthy - compose the store (out of onoion )
Reconsilation

lock and unlock - available for sale but onion is not avilable (inventory goes below threshold)
build a store  - never lock out inventory ()

clarity of mission - 
collecting all info has - order has - decisions -  -IIIIIIMMMMMPPPPP
pull mirrow board - IIIIIIIMMMMMMPPPPPP
kevin - exercise done on mirrow board - 1st 30 min go through
core domain area.
Might have dffer  - 
High leabel design and low lebel design..
feedback - session helpful  - or not?---IIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
Link on UML - 
class digram

In design how u think about it...manu and sambit...IIIIIIIIMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPP
no backwards design. 1st code then design is not corrct. 
zookeper - keeps track of how many times does.

local repository - repaint by UI - Amozon immediate update from 2 to 3
It has to sync it added otr no.. call to microservice.
When u got the instruction to repaint - reactJS..component() - investgate state - what percentage..entire page or partcicluar object.
keep on updating catalog. not good. Just update sometime catlog.
ubeeats..does not - evrytime update -rebuild is require.
It should have state base trigger. Catolg should be sync in all 3 st

Why not Sterling OMS 
switch out OMS..not to bound by rule of OMS...
Its not a SAP type implemention - independently

Mail in test or ur question...Whats group 
30mins - meeting....Everyweek
 











 


